So redux is now bound to react.
We're not doing anything with this.
If we were to go through
the code base right now,
we can say is effectively a bunch
of particularly static components.
But what we'd like to do at this point is
to begin to pull in that data that we have
from our state and
actually see it in place.
One of things I will point out
is we have count equals zero, so
first thing you have to do is to actually
take this hard coded of zero and
replace it with actual state from our
store, so we go ahead and we'll do that,
so in my counter the first example am
gonna hox, so I have this hard coded zero.
What I'd love to do is I'd love to pull
in the count from my state instead.
This is pretty straightforward.
You can actually use this use Selector.
And what is the selector,
a selector like most things in Redux
is a fancy word for a function, right?
You're saying like,
okay with the entire state object,
what do you actually want
from the entire state object?
So we'll say only take the entire
state object go get state count.
Right and that will now return zero.
And this hook has a bunch of nice things,
which is some amount of like memorization
to keep track of like if this
hasn't changed try not to rerun
this more than we have to.
And so now this count is in place.
I can go ahead into my reducer and
just to verify that it works.
We'll change this to like 400 and
we'll look at our application and
you can see that it is now 400.
We are now, we have state from Redux
already into our react application
the kind of cool thing that I can do is
since I have the full reducer wired up,
I can go into these Redux dev tools.
It's pretty small,
you can see this little keyboard,
you can dispatch actions from the tools.
So I'm going to dispatch
an action of the type increment.
And you can see that effectively,
everything is pretty much
wired up at this point.
You can see all the actions logged.
I can go ahead, rewind,
play it forward and backwards.
With all the state changes, and this is
one of the really powerful paradigms,
that the holy Redux model gives
you a very simple actions and
just very like pure JavaScript
along the way is you can
basically serialize each previous
state roll back and forward as well.
Awesome, so it'd be great if we could
get the buttons working now, right?
So I'm gonna do one button and
then you are going to do the rest and
then we will reconvene and think about it.
I'm gonna do set, and then you
are gonna do increment and decrement.
So let's go take a look.
Now in my counter, I've got these buttons,
I'd love to add some on
click handlers to them.
We can make this we'll play
with this a little bit.
But we can also get a copy of dispatch.
And this is a little bit different
than how use reducer works.
Use reducer takes the reducer
in that component, right?
And you could do in the context API.
And then it gives you both the state and
the dispatch.
However, like the way Redux works
is it gives you you select to get
the state anywhere you need it, and
then use dispatch to get you
the dispatch whenever you need it.
And this will always be the same
store that dispatch object.
So if you're worried about like.
Memoization or caching,
this will work for you.
So the question was, previously,
when I've used react Redux,
I've used this Connect Method to wrap
a presentational component with all of
the Redux goodness to pass everything as
props use selector is the replacement for
map state to props, which we'll
talk about in a future section.
Use dispatch is the replacement for
map dispatch to props.
So if you've used react Redux before, and
you've used the Connect API,
these two hooks are the parallels
to those two objects with
the Connect API in react Redux.
So I'm gonna take the button and
I'm just gonna say on click,
on clock even will say, go ahead,
and we have to call dispatch.
And you're thinking, isn't this a use
case for bind action creators, then yeah,
it is and
we'll deal with that in a second.
We say set and we'll set it to zero.
We just pull in set from our actions.
And I'll go back here and now hopefully,
I can reset it back to zero.
So I've got set working,
you're gonna pull in increment and
decrement then we'll take a look together
and we will add the ability to set
the counter to a given value when
we come back in five minutes.